Add info about template reference variables (#25934)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/angular_todo_list_beginning/index.md

```

> When the user types a new item in the `<input>` and presses **Enter**, the `addItem()` method adds the value to the `items` array.

Reviewer: - I've added an additional paragraph to explain template variable. Please check added text for technical accuracy.
- Also, `items` array should probably be `allItems` array?

```suggestion
In the above HTML, `#newItem` is a template variable. The template variable in this case uses the `<input>` element as its value. Template variables can be referred to anywhere in the component's template.

When the user types a new item in the `<input>` field and presses **Enter**, the `addItem()` method adds the value to the `allItems` array.
```

> Pressing the **Enter** key also resets the value of `<input>` to an empty string. The [template reference variable](https://angular.io/guide/template-reference-variables) `#newItem` is used to access the `<input>` value in the template.
> Alternatively, the user can click the **Add** button which calls the same `addItem()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pressing the **Enter** key also resets the value of `<input>` to an empty string. The template variable `#newItem` is used to access the value of the `<input>` element in the template.
Instead of pressing the **Enter** key, the user can also click the **Add** button, which calls the same `addItem()` method.
```
